What new reporter?
That's right, I heard that at the Wanshang Conference in three days
This eldest son is about to meet everyone
within the family
Already fell out
God
Uncle hasn't mentioned this for so many years
When will a son appear?
This is confidential
I only learned the news recently.
I am the only seedling of Wanjia
Uncle should be inherited by me in a hundred years
family property
What am I now?
Ah!
This matter has been discussed in the family
Since ancient times
Those in power are those who can
The eldest young master has talked about the people for many years
His ability is still unknown
Really? I'd like to think about that.
Dare to take the position of heir with me
Who is he?